Add GH templates (#45)
lilyminium/mdanalysis-sphinx-theme: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve

---

## Expected behavior ##

<!-- A clear and concise description of what you want to do and what you think should happen. (Code to reproduce the behavior can be added below). -->

## Actual behavior ##

<!-- What happened instead. Add as much detail as you can. Include (copy and paste) stack traces and any output. -->

## Code to reproduce the behavior ##

<!-- Show us how to reproduce the failure. If you can, use trajectory files from the test data. Use the code snipped below as a starting point. -->

``` python
import MDAnalysis as mda
from MDAnalysis.tests.datafiles import PSF, DCD,  GRO, PDB, TPR, XTC, TRR,  PRMncdf, NCDF

u = mda.Universe(PSF, DCD)

....

```

## Current version of MDAnalysis ##

> - Which version are you using? (run `python -c "import MDAnalysis as mda; print(mda.__version__)"`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Which version are you using? (run `python -c "import mdanalysis_sphinx_theme as mst; print(mst.__version__)"`)
```

Author: Whoops -- thanks for picking that up!
